Range query  + VECTOR in JSON - update docs (#3189)
RediSearch/RediSearch: docs/docs/Indexing_JSON.md

  - `null` values are skipped
  - Any other value type is causing an indexing failure

## Index JSON arrays as VECTOR

Starting with RediSearch 2.6.0, a JSONPath leading to an array of numerical values may be indexed as VECTOR type in the index schema.

If you want to index *multiple* numerical arrays as VECTOR, use a JSONPath leading to multiple numerical arrays using JSONPath operators such as wildcard, filter, union, array slice, and/or recursive descent.

> For example, to index a vector embeddings list that correspond images of the same product, specify the JSONPath `$.embeddings[*]` in the schema definition during index creation:

Reviewer: I think we should add a few more multi-value examples, or link to somewhere we explain JSON dynamic paths

Author: Added a link to the JSON Path page in RedisJson

```sql
127.0.0.1:6379> FT.CREATE itemIdx5 ON JSON PREFIX 1 item: SCHEMA $.embedding[*] AS embedding VECTOR FLAT 6 DIM 4 DISTNACE_METRIC L2 TYPE FLOAT32
OK
```
```sql
127.0.0.1:6379> JSON.SET item:1 $ '{"name":"Noise-cancelling Bluetooth headphones","description":"Wireless Bluetooth headphones with noise-cancelling technology","price":99.98,"stock":25,"colors":["black","silver"],"embedding":[[0.87,-0.15,0.55,0.03]]}'
OK

127.0.0.1:6379> JSON.SET item:2 $ '{"name":"Wireless earbuds","description":"Wireless Bluetooth in-ear headphones","price":64.99,"stock":17,"colors":["black","white"],"embedding":[[-0.7,-0.51,0.88,0.14],[-0.8,-0.15,0.33,-0.01]]}'
OK
```

> Note than unlike NUMERIC type, using `$.embedding` in the schema for VECTOR will NOT treat the field as an array of vectors, so it would not trigger indexing the vectors in the array.

Reviewer: :arrow_up:

> Now, we can search for the two headphones that are most similar to an image embedding, using vector similarity search KNN query (note that vector queries are supported as of dialect 2). The distance between a document to the query vector is defined as the **minimum** distance between the query vector to a vector that matches the JSONPath specified in the schema. For example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now you can search for the two headphones that are most similar to an image embedding by using vector similarity search KNN query. (Note that the vector queries are supported as of dialect 2.) The distance between a document to the query vector is defined as the minimum distance between the query vector to a vector that matches the JSONPath specified in the schema. For example:

```

```sql
127.0.0.1:6379> FT.SEARCH itemIdx5 '*=>[KNN 2 @embeddings $blob]' PARAMS 2 blob \x01\x01\x01\x01 DIALECT 2
1) "2"
2) "item:1"
3) 1) "__embedding_score"
   2) "1.08280003071"
   1) "$"
   2) "{\"name\":\"Noise-cancelling Bluetooth headphones\",\"description\":\"Wireless Bluetooth headphones with noise-cancelling technology\",\"price\":99.98,\"stock\":25,\"colors\":[\"black\",\"silver\"],\"embedding\":[[0.87,-0.15,0.55,0.03]]}"
2) "item:2"
3) 1) "__embedding_score"
   2) "0.771500051022"
   3) "$"
   4) "{\"name\":\"Wireless earbuds\",\"description\":\"Wireless Bluetooth in-ear headphones\",\"price\":64.99,\"stock\":17,\"colors\":[\"black\",\"white\"],"embedding":[[-0.7,-0.51,0.88,0.14],[-0.8,-0.15,0.33,-0.01]]}"
```
Note that `0.771500051022` is the L2 distance between the query vector and `[-0.8,-0.15,0.33,-0.01]`, which is the second element in the embedding array, and it is lower than the L2 distance between the query vector and `[-0.7,-0.51,0.88,0.14]`, which is the first element in the embedding array.

> For more information on vector similarity syntax, see [Vector Fields](/docs/stack/search/reference/vectors/#querying-vector-fields).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information on vector similarity syntax, see [Vector fields](/docs/stack/search/reference/vectors/#querying-vector-fields).
```
